Xisela Arando, born on 4 March 1986 in Vigo, is a professional squash player representing Spain.
In October 2016, she reached 137th place in the world on the international circuit, her highest ranking.
She was Spanish champion seven times in a row from 2010 to 2016.
The Secret of Moonacre is a fantasy film directed by Gábor Csupó, released in 2008.
It is adapted from Elizabeth Goudge's 1946 novel The Silver Horse.
== Synopsis == In Victorian times, Maria Merryweather, a young orphan who has recently lost her father, goes to live with her uncle Sir Benjamin Merryweather, accompanied by her governess, Miss Heliotrope: Miss Heliotrope.
Tatyana Vasiljevna Kazankina, born on 17 December 1951 in Petrovsk, is a former USSR middle-distance athlete.
A three-time Olympic champion, she set 6 individual world records during her career, from the 800m to the 3000m.
==Biography== On 28 June 1976 in Podolsk, Tatyana Kazankina improved by almost four seconds the world record in the 1500m held by her compatriot Lyudmila Bragina since the Munich Olympic Games.
David Archibald (born 14 April 1969 in Chilliwack, British Columbia, Canada) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player.
He plays as a right winger.
== Biography == Archibald was drafted 6th overall in the 1987 NHL Entry Draft by the Minnessota North Stars out of the Portland Winterhawks of the Western Hockey League.
The canton of Vaubecourt is a former French administrative division of the Meuse department.
The canton was created in 1790 under the French Revolution.
Following the 2014 cantonal redistribution, the canton was abolished.
Richezza of Lorraine (Polish: Rycheza Lotaryńska), born around 993 and died on 21 March 1063 in Saalfeld in Thuringia, was Queen of Poland from 1025 to 1031, then Duchess of Poland from 1032 to 1034, as wife of the sovereign Mieszko II Lambert.
The matrimonial bond formed between Richezza and Mieszko linked the young Polish state to the tradition of the Frankish kingdoms.
After her husband's death, the widow retired to the estates of her family, the Ezzonides, in the holy bosom of the Holy Roman Empire.
Through their descendants, she became the ancestor of the European Piast, Riourikid and Árpád dynasties.
Lapachol is an organic compound naturally present in the lapacho tree, from which it takes its name.
Chemically, it is a derivative of naphthoquinone, closely related to vitamin K. Some people have studied it as a possible treatment for certain types of cancer, but it has been found to have little potential in this area, due to the side effects caused by its toxicity,,,.
Shaving is a temporary hair removal technique based on the use of a razor.
For men, shaving most often involves facial hair, and sometimes the chest, pubic area, armpits and even the hair when it is very short.
For women, shaving tends to involve the legs, armpits and sometimes the pubic area.
Head shaving is mainly done by men, often in the military or as part of competitive sports such as swimming or extreme sports, or as part of a particular religion or urban culture (skinheads).
Oughterard is a town in County Galway in Ireland.
According to the 2011 Republic of Ireland Census, there were 2,604 people living in the Oughterard electoral ward and 1,333 people living in the town itself (which is part of the electoral ward).
Berceuse pour moi is an album by Anne Sylvestre released by Philips.
It was released under the title Anne Sylvestre no 5.
It is conventionally referred to by the title of its first song, to avoid any confusion.
Oued Lilli is a commune in the Tiaret wilaya in Algeria.
Metoclopramide (INN) is a dopamine-antagonist anti-emetic neuroleptic from the benzamide family commonly used in human and veterinary medicine (both in general practice and in hospitals).
It is also used to stimulate gastric motility (prokinetic) in cases of gastroparesis.
It has a mild gastro-oesophageal anti-reflux action.
It can be administered orally or parenterally.
Nordic mythology is the set of myths from Northern Europe (Scandinavia in particular) that formed the basis of the polytheistic religious system practised in these regions in the early Middle Ages before they were Christianised.
It is a regional and historical variant of the broader Germanic mythology, which is itself part of the conjectural Indo-European mythology, other variants of which include Greek and Persian mythology, and which has given rise to a great deal of pseudo-historical speculation.
Like the others, Norse mythology features a large number of deities, fabulous creatures and heroes.
For centuries, Nordic myths were transmitted orally, notably through Scandinavian poetry, which elevated the narration of mythological epics to the level of artistic expression.